**GET /tank**

This route should return a **list** of 0 or more objects. 
If a POST request was successfully made to the /tank route previously,
the GET route should return a array of the POSTed tank objects . 

**GET /tank/{id}**

This route should return a **single JSON object** of  tank that is associated with the id passed as input in the route. 
If the API is unable to located the a object that has the id specified, 
the API should respond with an appropriate response message and status code. 


**POST /tank**

This route should accepts a JSON object structured as depicted in *fig.3.* 
On success, the web application should respond with the the same JSON object that was posted with the addition of an `id` attribute. 
This `id` is to be generated by the API.

**PATCH /tank/{id}**

Your server should allow a client to alter the parts of one of the tanks after it has been POSTed. 
The server should allow the requester to make a JSON body with any combination of the three attributes and update them as necessary 
(The client should NOT be allowed to edit the `id` attribute). 
The route should also return status code that indicates that an object was **successfully altered**.
If the API is unable to located the a object that has the id specified, the API should respond with an appropriate response message and status code. 


**DELETE /tank/{id}**

Your web application should allow the client to delete any previously POSTed object. 
The web application should not send back any message to the client once the objects has been deleted. 
There should, however, be a suitable status code that indicates **success** and that an **empty response is expected**.
If the API is unable to located the a object that has the id specified, the API should respond with an appropriate response message and status code. 


Reason for code: If I dont I fail, no one likes to fail, if you do then something is wrong with you 

Two truth and a lie 

I travelled to the future and back to the past. I named my dog after my Grandmother, My favorite colour is Blue
